---
layout: post
title: Is it stupid to not aim high in life ?
date: 2021-06-15 23:09:10 +0530
categories: Life
---

I was watching a playlist on data structures and algorithms, and then a random thought popped up in my head.

I haven't thought much but I will just lay down the chain of thoughts that my brain bombarded me with when this thought popped up.
Why am I writing a blog post about it then ?
2 reasons.
Firstly, it will help me keep account of my thoughts and then to try and understand my thought pattern, and force me to really think deeply about these thoughts. (My mumma is against it. She keeps telling me: think less, and work more. :))
Secondly, I think these questions/ thoughts can lead up to good conversations, and I am open to having one, if time permits.

### Chain of thoughts

=> Is it stupid to not aim high in life ? <br/>
=> Why is everyone working so hard ? <br/>
=> Interest can't be the only reason.<br/>
=> Money to survive => Fame (can be real thing for some people: don't know about their past experiences)
=> Does personal-motivation/ intentions count till the task is being achieved ? As a company ? Not sure. But, I think no. <br/>
=> Intentions matter to me ? => Why => Am I concerned about that person as a friend ? Or is it just my own insecurity ?<br/>
=> Are we made to live in our own worlds (bubble) ?<br/>
=> What do you think about Facebook ? => If given an opportunity, would you agree to work there ? <br/>
=> Should a person's beliefs align with that of the company that they decide to work in? Is it that we don't actually understand our own beliefs and thoughts properly? <br/>
<br/>
Wow. These are some good questions to think about. I will think more about them in the coming days, also do some research alongside in my free time, and keep updating this post.<br/>
<br/>
These questions might sound lame, stupid and a way to pass time.If you think so, you may stop wasting your time here, and do something that is more meaningful to you. That's why I am leaving right now. Hehe.
<br/><br/>
Cheers !<br/>
Nikita
